Hello they're in the last week you have set up the profile component in this video.
It will set up the settings computer.
Let's start by opening up my power show window and set and you know directory and then type again and
you generate Polen settings.
Now type in you sir minimize the window.
Now let's open up our text editor and open at Roding Mungiu
here.
The settings component and declare it as a route.
Now let's open up setting's component.
Here important our data service and risk a service and declare them in the constructor.
It's also created a button is a variable and a current setting's variable the current settings where
will we bout the data from.
TMF form
to ngi on it.
We run a return to purchase it in the site it will check if the user profile is loaded.
If it's not the app waiting for the user profile to finish loading wants to use this Profar is loaded.
The user's profile along with the word most new password and password confirm will be assigned to the
workbook.
Current settings if an error occurs error message will be displayed.
Here you've created the wildish method which is pretty much identical to what I've done now lock in
and registration components
here.
We've created up that function when this function is run up that button will be disabled from the rock
would then be validated if Web edition is successful.
The new settings were posted to the link We're here in the Jason format.
Once the responses successfully receive you'll be assigned to the variable data and then you check if
success on data is true.
If success is true you get the users profile and the success message will be displayed.
Otherwise the error message should be displayed.
If an error occurs to error message should be displayed as well.
Once this is done by then enable it again.
Now let's open up our set computer component punished him.
Here.
We've created the settings section which contains the hitting text my account settings message as well
as the loading spinner
loader loading spinner.
We've created the update settings for him which should only be displayed when he uses current settings
have been loaded in this media.
We have set up the profile Center's page in the next video.
We will set up a profile address page.